You're doing better than you think you are. I'm proud of you, keep going.
You were given this life because you are strong enough to live it.
There is no bravery without fear.
It doesn't get easier. You just get stronger.
Recovery isn't linear.
Make peace with the mirror and see your reflection change.
I pretend to fit in, but I rarely do.
Hope never dies.
Your mental health is more Iportant than the test, the interview, the lunch date, the meeting, the family dinner, and the grocery trip. Take care of yourself.
Stay strong, your story isn't over yet.
The strongest people are those who survive through adversity.
Never forget that walking away from something unhealthy is brave.
I'm still me no matter my mental health.
Pain is real. But so is hope.
Not all wounds are so visible. Walk gently in the lives of others.
Fight for a better life and never give up.
Self-care is how you take your power back.
Pain changes people.
You are more than the pain you feel.
It's okay not to do everything at once. Take your time.
Just do what you can today.
You totally can.
It isn't in my past. It's in my everyday.
Be patient. Good things take time.
Don't give up. The beginning is always the hardest.
And this is the part where you find out who you are.
Wear your tragedies as armor, not shackles.
The strongest hearts have the most scars.
Ignore those who say just get over it. Healing is a process.
Flowers grow back, even after they are stepped on.
The most violent element in society is ignorance.
Please don't mistake sensitivity for weakness.
Remember to be proud of yourself. No victory is too small to celebrate.
You only lose if you give up.
Give up on being perfect and begin the work of becoming yourself.
She needed a hero. So that's what she became.
Remember even your worst days only have 24 hours.
Treat others the way you want to be treated, but don't forget to treat yourself in that same way.
Every little victory counts.
Small steps everyday.
A little progress each day adds up to big results.
Be you. Do you. For you.
Keep on shining.
Better days will come.
Make yourself a priority.
Do what they think you can't do.
Be authentic. Not unique.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
Protect your happy.
Hey you, don't give up okay?
Perfectionism kills productivity.
You're going to make it!
Perfect is an illusion.
Positivity is a choice.
If you stay positive in a negative situation, you win.
Take your time to make your soul happy.
Be real, not perfect.
Self-care isn't selfish.
The body achieves what the mind believes.
Prove them wrong.
Hey you, I know you're scared but you can handle this!
You glow differently when you're actually happy.
Slow progress is still progress.
A million likes won't be enough if you don't like yourself.
Shine just like you're supposed to.
Focus on the step in front of you, not the entire staircase.
Stay you.
Enjoy the little things.
People who avoid failure also avoid success.
When you feel like quitting, think about why you started.
Purpose fuels passion.
Everything you want is on the other side of fear.
You are the greatest project you will ever work on.
Whoever tries to bring you down is already below you.
Self doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
A beautiful day begins with a beautiful mindset.
If you see someone without a smile, give them one of yours.
Bad things don't last forever.
You are stronger than your problems.
Forgive yourself for what you didn't know.
Focus on what makes you happy.
It's not about leaving your comfort zone, but expanding it.
Be a legend!
Create a life you can't wait to wake up to.
Be the person you would look up to.
Find your fire.
Celebrate every win, no matter how small.
You're stronger than you think.
Make yourself a priority. At the end of the day, you're your longest commitment.
Be a warrior not a worrier.
Balance is not something you find, it's something you create.
Happiness looks gorgeous on you.
Inner peace is the new success.
Imagine what's possible once you stop doubting yourself.
It's okay to cry.
Do literally whatever makes you happy.
Struggle is part of the journey.
Enjoy today.
Healing sometimes takes a lot of courage.
Life is tough, but so are you.
Look for something positive in each day, even if some days you have to look a little harder.
Stay patient and trust your journey.
Don't hold back tears - sometimes you just need to express your feelings.
Storms make trees take deeper roots.
Stay close to people who feel like sunshine.
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
The purpose of a habit is to remove that action from self-negotiation. You no longer expend energy deciding whether to do it. You just do it.
Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying 'I will try again tomorrow'.
Your current situation is someone else's prayer point.
If it costs you your peace, it's too expensive.
How you spend your days is how you spend your life.
One day, or day one.
Your future self is wacthing you right now through the things you are doing right now.
Build a life you don't need a vacation from.
You've survived too many storms to be bothered by raindrops.
If you want to shine like a sun, learn to burn like a sun.
Our efforts will never betray us.
Your life is a movie, and you are the director.
